Appengine demo (#646)
google/cel-go: repl/appengine/README.md

# CEL REPL Web
Provides a simple web interface for working with the CEL REPL.

The two main components are 1) a Go application that implements a service
wrapping the REPL and serving static web content 2) an angular based web page
that provides an interface around the API.

The REPL service is stateless -- it initializes a new REPL instance and applies
the requested commands in order on each request.

## Development

> To run the application in development, run the angular CLI builder in watch mode

Reviewer: We should specify that NodeJS is required. Angular CLI is optional for the purposes of running the app locally.

and run the Go server as follows:

```
# from the `repl/appengine/web` directory:

> ng build --watch

Reviewer: Since we're including npm scripts in `package.json`, we can change this to be ran without installing the Angular CLI:

```suggestion
npm run watch
```

# from the repl/appengine directory:
go run ./main --serve_static ./web/dist/web
```

## Deploy on google cloud appengine

> 1. Build the angular application with `ng build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build the angular application with `npm run build`.
```
